hey there horror lovers how's it going
it's me your host john and today we're
going to be talking about a movie called
hatchet
it's a pretty intense one so brace
yourselves the movie starts with two
fishermen sitting in a fishing boat late
at night in a swamp they are a
father-son duo the father is called paul
and the son ainsley paul lights up a
pipe and starts to smoke as his son
urges him to get out of there paul tells
him about the 12-foot alligator he wants
to hunt down and that he won't leave
without it ainsley asks him to pull over
so he can go and pee to which paul
refuses
he tells him to go to the side of the
boat instead ainsley gets up and
complains about how he can't pee like
this
they get into a little coral while he
pees suddenly an alligator jumps out of
the water scaring both of them
it vanishes into the water as soon as it
appears paul gets angry at ainsley for
letting it get away after that they dock
the boat so ainsley can go pee
paul is in the boat as he calls out to
ainsley saying he found the alligator
he shouts back at his father from behind
the trees to ask if he got it however he
doesn't get a reply even after calling
out to him multiple times
he goes to the shore to find his
father's blood spattered corpse on the
ground he gets angry at this site and
tries to find and kill the alligator
suddenly something jumps from the dark
and attacks him the attacker throws him
against a tree rips his arm off
then stabs him in the back killing him
as he is screaming for help in the next
scene we see a lot of people celebrating
mardi gras in the streets
they're all dancing around town and
wearing colorful beaded jewelry the
women are flashing everyone as well here
we are introduced to a group of friends
as they walk down a pavement one of them
called benz is not having a good time
like the rest of his friends
his best friend marcus tries to cheer
him up by diverting his attention to a
topless woman standing on a balcony he
doesn't care for what marcus is doing
and says that he has had enough of mardi
gras he tells marcus that he isn't
having any fun and wants to go on a
haunted swamp tour
everyone makes fun of him for that which
upsets him he tells them that they don't
have to come with him and starts to walk
away
marcus follows him he tells him that
he'll go with him even though he thinks
it's a lame idea
they walk over to a tour guide's office
and knock on the door
a man wearing a top hat opens the door
he has a weird costume on as well as
face paint he tells them that he doesn't
do swamp tours anymore he explains that
insurance got too expensive when one of
his clients hit his head and sued him
for negligence he further tells them
that he knows someone who can help them
he gives them an address and closes the
door on them they walk to the sidewalk
where marcus tells ben that this isn't
the way to get over his ex-girlfriend as
a response ben starts an angry rant
about his ex her new boyfriend and the
fact that he is so ridiculously muscular
marcus diverts his attention again and
they start to walk down the sidewalk
they banter about each other's sex life
as they walk after a while they reach
the given address which is a store
called marie laveau's house of voodoo
they enter to find a man named doug
filming a sex tape of a couple of girls
called jenna and misty
his camera batteries run out and he
stops recording as soon as the camera
turns off the girls start to argue
they tell doug that they aren't getting
along he gives them a little pep talk
and starts recording again just then a
man in a weird costume shows up in front
of ben and mark they ask him about the
tour he tells them it costs forty
dollars they pay and get onto a bus with
a group of people marcus sits with jenna
while ben sits with a quiet looking girl
called mary beth
he starts nervously talking to her she
tells him she would prefer to be left
alone as the bus takes off after dark
the tour guide sean tells them they are
almost there over the intercom
marcus makes fun of him for using it in
such a small bus and everyone laughs
an old couple introduces themselves as
jim and shannon permadio to doug
they ask him if he's a director to which
he says yes
they ask what kind of movies he makes
and he names some production house the
tour guide starts to give them a little
introduction to their surroundings
the wife innocently debunks one of his
facts which upsets him after dark they
park and get off the bus everyone
scatters around doug starts to film
jenna and misty again as they go topless
the guide starts to fix up the boat in
the swamp after it starts the whole
group gets into the boat a man in
another small boat starts to yell at
them as they are getting on
shannon tells sean that the man is
talking to them but sean refuses to pay
heed he tells everyone that he's a local
alligator hunter called jack cracker and
that he's crazy
jack shouts warnings at them that the
swamp is haunted and closed
they ignore him start the boat and head
out jack tells himself that they all are
going to die in the boat sean tells
everyone that the swamp is infested with
alligators
he tells them other facts about the area
as well he asks everyone to be
enthusiastic as they are about to enter
the most haunted part he explains that a
lot of fishermen have died here and they
might see their souls floating over the
water
marcus is super bored and complains
about it to ben ben tells him to try to
get together with jenna and they banter
with each other for a bit the boat
approaches an old house on the side of
the swamp
sean tells them the legend of the house
owner named victor crowley who was
deformed his father struck him in the
face with a hatchet and killed him
he says that legend says you can still
hear victor near his house he can be
heard calling for his father sean makes
fake sounds and marcus acts annoyed with
ben for bringing him
sean takes them further and asks them to
wait for ghost lights marcus calls him
out by explaining that it is fog mist
and not ghost lights this frustrates
sean even more he starts telling them
about a treasure that is supposedly
buried there by a man named john donovan
doug calls his story stupid suddenly
shannon and jim see a figure hiding in
the shadows
they ask shawn what that was he gets
excited and tells them it might be an
overactive spirit
after that doug pulls out a camera and
starts shooting jenna and misty again
in the meantime ben starts talking to
mary beth about his breakup with his
girlfriend of eight years but she pays
little attention to him
after a couple of minutes the boat hits
some rocks and gets stuck
they try to get the boat out but it
starts raining everyone gets frustrated
jenna and misty start quarreling while
ben and sean try to free the boat
everyone starts panicking jim suggests
they get off some of them disagree but
sean also suggests getting off
the boat is stuck next to a fallen tree
trunk jim climbs on it to get off the
boat but he slips on it
something comes out of the water and
pulls his leg mary shoots it with her
handgun and everyone starts getting off
the boat as it sinks
jenna doug and misty slip and fall in
the water and hurry out of it to shore
on shore everyone is distressed jim's
leg is hurt and bleeding while everyone
else gets in an argument mary reveals to
everyone that shawn isn't a real tour
guide and that it's his second trip he
admits it and asks mary why she has a
gun she tells them that she is there to
find her brother and father
they came here and got lost a couple of
days ago she tells them if they don't
get out of the woods they will die
these woods she says belong to victor
crowley when ben asks who that is mary
starts telling them the story of victor
crowley she tells them that victor was
born horribly disfigured and his father
always kept him hidden inside
kids would always tease him and were
horrible to him one night some teenagers
tried to get him to come out of the
house with fireworks but accidentally
lit the house on fire
mr crowley arrived and tried to get
inside but the door was locked and he
couldn't he picked up a hatchet and
started to hit the door victor was
pressed against it on the other side he
accidentally hit him in the face killing
him mr crowley died of heartbreak and
now this part of the river is illegal to
be in for years
she says that she told her dad and
brother not to come but they came here
to hunt alligators anyway
shawn tells them the crowley house was
on the other side of the river so they
are safe anyway
mary tells him it wasn't the house she
points towards a house near them saying
that this one is the real crowley house
everyone accuses mary of trying to scare
them they decide that going towards the
house is the quickest way out thus they
start heading in that direction
ben tells mary that it's all just a myth
while they are walking but she shuts him
up
they are all talking to each other as
sean and marcus carry an injured gym
along
they hear someone in the distance
calling out to daddy they all get scared
they're near the house now and shannon
asks if anyone is there as she carries
jim along
she wants to find help for him everyone
asks her to stop but she keeps moving a
severely deformed man with an axe runs
out of the house and starts stabbing jim
in the shoulder as everyone runs away
shannon also tries to run but victor
catches up to her and tears her jaws
apart with his bare hands
mary shoots him in the chest with her
gun and he falls after which she escapes
mary goes back to everyone and tells
them that the old couple is dead
they realize marcus isn't there with
them marcus tells them that he is up in
the tree and isn't going to come back
down
they all suddenly realize that doug
isn't with them doug is scared and
running alone in the woods jenna calls
out to him but everyone asks her to be
quiet they try to call him on his cell
phone but find out they lost misty's
phone while running
they decide to keep moving they managed
to get marcus off the tree and head off
to get help
in the meantime doug is hidden in the
trees he hears a sound and tries to run
however bumps into victor crowley he
twists his neck all the way around and
rips it off his head on the other side
the group starts to quarrel sean and
marcus get into a physical fight and ben
breaks them up in the meantime jenna
finds doug's bag in a bush ben opens his
bag to get some flashlights and supplies
they find out doug's id his real name is
samuel and he isn't a real producer he
was just making the girls videos for his
collection they start moving along as
jenna cries about lying that she didn't
go to nyu
she's upset about being stuck with them
and thinks she'll die ben says no one
will die and just then doug's body falls
right in their tracks
jenna starts screaming at the site and
mary pulls out her gun
she shoots him as they run at that time
they hear misty's phone they find it in
the grass but realize that they have
made their way back to the house again
mary heads off to the barn to search for
a weapon ben follows her as they make
their way inside the creepy old barn
it's full of carcasses and junk mary
finds her father and brother's bodies
and starts to cry outside the group
tries to make a phone call for help they
hear something in the bushes they send
marcus to take a look and he finds a
raccoon in the bush as he is about to
tell them victor leaps out from behind
jenna he gets a hold of her as the rest
of them run away victor starts shredding
jenna's face with a machine when ben and
mary show up and hit him with a shovel
they drop the shovel and run away while
mary screams and shoots at victor sean
comes back to save jenna but victor
breaks his foot off with the shovel he
snaps his head off his neck with it
after killing him he picks up a very
injured jenna and impales her on the
shovel the rest of the group is running
away there are only four people left
misty annoys mary and she slaps misty
across her face mary says that victor
will kill them all marcus tells them
that the phone is dying and they should
be quick
they decide to go as far from the house
as possible victor appears again and
everyone runs away to hide they make a
plan to kill victor by lighting him on
fire
ben says he saw gas canisters in the
barn that they could use
ben and misty head to the barn while
mary and marcus stand guard
at the barn ben finds a canister full of
oil as he is looking at it misty's head
and torso fall on him and he sees victor
standing at the barn door
victor tries to attack ben but mary
tackles him from behind
ben throws the fuel on him and lights
him on fire they all think that it would
end him but it starts to rain
the group tries to run as far as
possible as the rain puts out victor's
fire
they make their way to a cemetery and
walk up to the gate but unfortunately
victor shows up there as well
he starts running after them ben falls
and victor puts his saliva in his mouth
marcus and mary free him but he gets a
hold of marcus
mary hits victor and frees marcus they
run and hide behind a wall but he finds
them and grabs marcus the other two run
away victor breaks off both of marcus's
arms and slams him across a headstone
mary and ben run a bit further but ben
starts throwing up and crying for marcus
mary pulls him with her to get out of
there they run towards the water but
mary stops him from going inside because
of the alligators
he turns around victor throws a spear at
him which stabs his foot
he is right at their heels and starts to
run towards them
when he gets close ben stabs him with
the same spear while it is in his foot
this kills him ben and mary walk to the
shore where they find her dad's boat
they use the boat to get away when they
are in the boat mary notices that ben's
foot is badly injured and she hands him
her flannel to tie over on his wound
he thanks her for sticking with him and
ties it around his injured foot she
suddenly starts to cry at her dad and
brother's death ben consoles her telling
her to be happy because they made it
alive at the end
as he says this victor pulls mary into
the water she tries to swim out of the
water but her foot gets caught in
something
she sees ben's hand extended inside the
water she takes it she is pulled out of
the water to see that it is victor
holding ben's severed arm
ben is lying in the boat she starts to
scream and the movie ends that's it for
today guys hope you enjoyed and found
today's movie as creepy as i did